So,
I don't know how much time I have today,
okay? We just got to go quick. Here's
the plan. Five new features for stream,
we're going to make it 2 hours. That's
the challenge. Otherwise, blank. I don't
know, it doesn't matter. Just the
important thing is that it's a game. Oh
my god, TIME. THERE'S A TIME LIMIT. AH!
We need ideas. What's the first feature?
First feature. Anata no penis swap tiny.
Wait, Anata. Boku wa, whatever. We're
going to brainstorm and then vote on the
first one. Play ads when you say a
certain word.
Your TTS plays faster if you donate
less. Or plays faster if there's more
messages in the queue. Oh, channel point
that bans a random chatter. Channel
point to rent ad space on stream. What?
For the banning one is connect the
reward that lets us suicide bomb to take
out five other viewers.
There's not enough time. We got to vote.
What is feature number one?
Channel point that bans you and Okay,
this is feature number one. What are we
calling this?
Okay, hold on. Is having a channel point
reward that's called suicide bomb, is
that insensitive? I feel like that's not
something you're supposed to say. We
might need to reframe this. It's
insensitive to suicide bombers.
I don't know if Twitch is going to love
this. Don't worry, that name works since
my grandma works for Twitch. Oh, cool,
cool. All right, then we're good. How do
we do this? So, if it triggers, make a
channel point reward, make a program
that is collecting viewer usernames. If
it triggers, pick five random users.
I'm happy chat liked my suicide bomb
idea. Anyways, can you add a newspaper
that reports on the bombing and its
victims?
A [__] newspaper listing pops up. No,
we can't make it literally look like a
terrorist attack.
>> What if you had a channel point redeem
that banned one chatter specifically?
You just ban one guy for 2 seconds.
You ban one guy specifically.
So dumb. First, we're going to have
code, and this code is going to be
looking for the channel point
redemption. So, Twitch, it's going to
send the notification to streamer bot.
So, this will get the channel point. It
will send it to a text file, and my
Python code is going to be reading the
text file, and once it sees the text
file, it'll go, "Okay, cool. Now, based
on that, we can go ahead and ban
people." Okay? That's it. Very
straightforward. How long does this
suicide ban for? Is it just a million
seconds? That's 11 days. All right, let
me just make sure this runs. We got a
username from Snoobert, please, and your
message was "Ableist ableist."
Cool. We've done this piece. We've got
Python code that can process and ban
people. In streamer bot, we got to
create a thing that listens to channel
point rewards. Also, we need to write
suicide bomb differently, so I don't get
banned on Twitch. Is that word suicide?
Do I have like a boom sound just to test
this? Cinema boom. Okay, so in theory,
now when this redeems, this should
trigger. Let me do a test trigger.
What is this?
So, you'll redeem on Twitch, it'll go to
streamer bot, streamer bot will update
the text file, the text file will be
read by my Python script, the Python
script will then tell Twitch to ban five
of you. All right, here it goes.
Okay, so it gets here. Skater Sheep has
redeemed this. They said, "I love you,
Mom." We're going to turn the ban random
users flag on and mark their username.
So, now up here, since that flag's
turned on, we're going to get five
random users to ban. We've grabbed these
five. These are the five we're going to
die. Anything else we need? Do we want
like a Do we want to like show something
that says what happened? Or it could
just be like an explosion or something.
It looks like [__]
It looks so bad. So, what what would
this say? Like, "Breaking news." And
then we say we're banning them. For each
one, we get the next person to ban. Does
this work? Yes. So, we have OBS web
sockets manager, which will allow me to
make something happen in my streaming
software, which specifically I just want
it to turn on the explosion. If it just
activates the explosion like
this,
it blows up, right?
Wait, can you guys hear the explosion? I
am not hearing it at all. Have you guys
been hearing that?
Oh, [__] I'm sorry. It's very loud. My
bad. Why do you think we've been
yelling? Cuz you guys yell about
everything. That's not like that wasn't
an indicator that something had
happened. Explosion monitor only mute
output. That should, I think, send it to
me, and let's see.
Woah! Yep, ow. Wow. Okay, now I get why
you guys were yelling. That is really
uncomfortable. You still heard that,
right? What if you gave the victims a
50% chance to live, and the text would
show that they are a survivor? We don't
need to like make a really graphic
terrorist attack, guys.
This already This is already on the
verge of like not sensitive or
appropriate. Okay, so what we're doing,
we need to set the text of this, okay?
Add negotiators to talk down the suicide
bomber.
This is No, we're not doing this. I
don't think this is insensitive enough.
Can we make an animation showing the
chatters' lives and backstories before
showing them being turned into a pink
mist?
Oh my god. It's like black and white
photos are like slowly fading through
the background. We're having like really
sad music playing.
Uh, you know, like we're having this
song as the as they're floating by. We
need to then have like a full funeral
procession. Somebody needs to be
designated as the as the eulogy writer,
and another as the speech deliverer. We
have multiple roles for the funerals. Is
this feature creep? I think it is. It
literally is, yes. Except we're being
creepier. It's creepier features. Do we
upload our 50-page manifesto before
detonating?
This is bad. I don't think we should be
doing this anymore.
I feel like we should stop. After
someone redeems this, Q arrives. The
next five TTS should go to the victims'
families. No. No. Dude, I like have a
good relationship with Twitch, okay? My
face was at TwitchCon last year. And
then they're going to be like, "Ooh,
yeah, hey, Twitch, one of your most
popular streamers is making graphic
terrorist attacks
automated every few minutes on stream."
So, it should happen now.
Okay, here we go. Okay, so somebody
redeemed.
Floshy, the random users, these are our
five. Dud Doug is one. So, now it should
set the explosion to true, and it should
appear. And now it gets the victims'
list, and then it should set the text,
and then set it to be visible.
[Laughter]
This feels bad, man.
That was my cousin. Everybody needs to
write like sad messages about the people
who Doug, can you store all the names of
the people you banned? Then you can
scroll the names in black and white at
the end of the stream to sad music.
Is this all we're doing today? Is this
the whole stream? We need to test this,
so hold on.
[Music]
Oh!
Oh my god. Dude, I don't like this.
I feel uncomfortable. Okay, it's done.
I've created suicide bombing. What other
features do we want to consider today?
After they die, random chatter gets to
write a short speech about them, like a
eulogy. Okay, save the names of the
victims. One chatter's message gets
randomly picked and read out
dramatically. God dammit.
[Music]
Just got home from work. Just wanted to
confirm we are blowing up people with
suicide bombs now. This is what we do
now? Well, I thought it would be like
funny. I was like, "Oh, we'll come up
with some funny goofy features today."
Like it'll be nice and silly. There
should be a chance that a victim
survives, but is permanently disfigured.
Their messages can't have certain words
or vowels. So [__] up. This is [__]
up, you guys. We have to put a line
somewhere and make it funny and like
goofy. Where's the whimsy? Yeah, we need
something to be whimsical. How do we
make suicide bombing whimsical? Make
whimsy read out
So [__] up.
Whimsy is the annoying like, "I'm
whimsy. I am a children's cartoon
character."
Okay, we're just going to vote off
these. Are you able to show the victim's
last chat message?
Show the
What the [__] is going on, Doug?
>> We're Do I need to call someone?
>> We're just making a fun whimsical
channel point reward. What whimsical
feature do we want next?
[__] I don't like this.
I don't like it. Why are you there,
Doug? There isn't enough cheese in your
stream Okay, the thing is too long.
You [__] up the sizing of it. Add a
larger reward that is a 9/11 attack that
bans 100 chatters. I don't want to.
The channel point to ban one guy
specifically could be funny, cuz then we
can like get him upset about all the
terrorist attacks and just keep banning
him as though it's his fault. Leo talk,
what are the odds this vote gets
deleted, and we just never talk about
this again after today? I don't know. I
feel like we're on the verge. We want a
to ban one guy specifically, apparently.
This should be fairly straightforward,
actually. We go
Just doing stream.
What is this new reward?
We're going to pick
one guy. All the problems in stream,
it's going to be on that guy or girl.
Guy is gender neutral. I know that a lot
of us have just felt overwhelmed and
frustrated with society nowadays. Like
it's just felt like
across the entire world and so many
areas, there's so many challenges and
problems and a feeling of maybe
insecurity and worry about the future.
I've definitely felt that as well. The
good news though is that it's all
because of this guy. Catchy saucer 66.
The economy? That was CATCHY SAUCER.
WAR? THAT was catchy saucer. That guy or
girl you asked out to prom who said no?
That was catchy saucer. You can now
officially time out catchy saucer 66 for
10 seconds. Okay.
Okay, it works.
It It works.
All right, wait, hold on. Let me Let me
turn it out. All right. Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, we had another suicide bombing.
Everybody's kind of concerned. I think
that the main thing we need right now is
to go into ban that one guy and the
global cool down is now zero seconds.
I'm just banning the [__] [__] out of
him.
THIS ISN'T DOING ANYTHING. He's already
banned. Okay, the stream is like frozen.
I got to turn this off. I I Chat is
completely frozen. Is anybody still
here? My OBS says encoding overloaded.
Okay, I think the problems of the world
are solved. Now finally, that guy won't
torture us anymore. We're finally free.
Wait a minute. Yeah, you're right. Okay,
Fummy said we banned that guy and
suddenly everything started breaking.
Were they holding everything together?
Guys, I don't know we should have banned
catchy saucer 66. The music is starting
to lag. It can't even play me I might
need to restart stream. Okay, we got
There's apparently three We got to bring
catchy saucer back, dude. This is a
disaster.
Is anybody getting content? I can't even
open tab.
We're so back. Okay, so let's never try
to kill that guy again. Ju- Just to be
clear what happened. The program, we
asked it to ban the one guy 3,600 times
in about 20 seconds, which caused it to
use
100% of my CPU
and crash everything.
You know what? Feature complete.
Okay, one chatter's message gets
randomly picked. They're adding a eulogy
from a random chatter, but I'm just
going to literally pick their message.
Please someone explain to me what the
hell is going on. I just got here. Uh,
we're making features where somebody can
redeem a suicide bomb channel.
Like that.
And they take down five chatters with
them. So now what we're going to do is
when this happens, I think at the end of
it it fades out and then it'll play
dramatic music and then it will pick the
eulogy. So we basically sacrificed that
one guy for all our sins and suffering.
Wait, what does this sound familiar? Oh,
[__] you're right. We might have
literally found Jesus Christ and I don't
mean Jesus Christ in the context of our
stream. I literally mean this is the
return of Jesus Christ our savior. Wow,
really makes you think. Not very hard,
but it does MAKE YOU THINK.
GOD!
THIS IS FOR CATCHY SAUCER. OH, OKAY. So
we let the eulogy begin. We start by
playing sad music. Also display a
funeral pic. So what should happen now
is that if somebody has redeemed it, it
goes here. It picks five random users,
it bans each one of them, and then bans
the guy who redeemed it. Now it's going
to play the explosion, it's going to put
the usernames and all the messages
there. Now the eulogy begins. It starts
playing sad music. It'll display the
text on stream with their final message.
It will display the funeral picture. It
will read text to speech out loud, which
is our eulogy by Whimsy, and then it'll
turn it all off. Everybody ready? I get
one shot. Does it work?
Egg.
[Laughter]
[Applause]
Hold on. Well, you need to be saying
things that are relevant to like a
eulogy. It's picking a random message.
Guys, we need comments that are about
the sad tragedies that have happened
today on stream, not about a [__]
egg, okay? Any minute now, some [__]
up person might commit some sort of
tragedy and it's going to pull a random
eulogy message. Say long sentences about
tragic things and the and the people who
were lost.
BGG.
[Applause]
I wanted a good eulogy. It can't just be
egg. Talk about what you've been feeling
on this stream. Talk about all the
emotion, let it out. Talk about the
family. Talk about the people who were
lost. If you don't have emotions, copy
somebody else who has emotions, okay?
[Music]
That's my poor bald egg boy.
[Applause]
Thank you for hanging out today,
everybody. Good luck.
Great stream, everybody. We'll see you
next time.
[Music]